Over the last modules we spend a lot of work on this application but it's now really looking good.
It's time to deploy it and an angular application once you built it is just a static application.
A bunch of H U M L C S S and javascript files.
Let's see this.
We can build it by running Engy build dash dash peron's.
This will build it for production.
Optimize it from a coding perspective or from the code base perspective I should say and also use ahead
of time compilation which means it will already parse all the angular templates and turn them into vanilla
javascript that executes really fast once you deployed it and doesn't need to be analyzed by Angola
first.
So with that we get really performant bundle which we can then ship onto a server to run our app.
Now let's wait for this to finish.
And once it did finish you get dead dist folder here and you'll need to deploy only one thing and that's
the content of this disk folder.
That's all nothing else is required.
Just what's inside this folder.
Does this your entire angular app..
Now how do you deploy it.
Then you can apply it to any static hosting provider you want such as AWOS as free but since we already
used firebase in this course why don't we all the lawyers on firebase because it turns out that firebase
has a service called firebase hosting which is just a static host and therefore perfectly suited to
run our angular app..
So let's put it there in the next lecture.